DOCSP 33761 - adding to C2C quickstart (#206)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/quickstart.txt

Synchronize Data Between Clusters
---------------------------------

The :ref:`start <c2c-api-start>` command initiates data synchronization.
To start syncing, use ``curl`` or a similar program to issue the
:ref:`start <c2c-api-start>` command:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/api/requests/start.sh
   :language: shell

If the :ref:`start <c2c-api-start>` request is successful, ``mongosync``
returns ``{"success":true}`` and starts to synchronize existing data on
the source cluster with the destination cluster. At this point,

> ``mongosync`` is in the ``RUNNING`` state and applies subsequent source

Reviewer: [suggestion] for active voice
```suggestion
``mongosync`` enters the ``RUNNING`` state and applies subsequent source
```

   * - :ref:`c2c-api-reverse`
     - Reverses the direction of a committed sync operation.

One-Time Sync

> -------------

Reviewer: [question] Should this be a H2 header? It looks like this information is pertinent to the "Synchronize Data Between Clusters" content above. If you feel this should stay as an H1, should we change and/or move the "Synchronizations Notes" section/header that's currently at the bottom of the page?

For a one-time sync, after initializing data synchronization, use the

> :ref:`progress <c2c-api-progress>` command to see the status of the

Reviewer: [nit] Progress is an endpoint, not a command, so we should reword this sentence to avoid confusing users. Typically, we refer endpoints by "calling" them (i.e. "after initializing data synchronization, **call** the :ref:`progress <c2c-api-progress>` endpoint...")

synchronization process: 

.. literalinclude:: /includes/api/requests/progress.sh
   :language: shell

> The following requirements must be met for a one-time sync: 

Reviewer: [suggestion] active voice - I think we can reword this to be more active 

Maybe something along the lines of: 
"For a one-time sync, verify that the ``progress`` response includes the following field values: "

  - ``state: "RUNNING"``
  - ``canCommit: true``
  - ``lagTimeSeconds`` is near ``0`` (*Recommended, but not required*)

> Then, use the :ref:`commit <c2c-api-commit>` command to commit the

Reviewer: Same comment as above with `progress` about referring to endpoints!

synchronization operation to the destination cluster and stop continuous
replication:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/api/requests/commit.sh
   :language: shell

> If the :ref:`commit <c2c-api-commit>` request is sucessful,

Reviewer: [nit] typo + [minimize repeated links](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/links-and-cross-references/#minimize-repeated-links)
```suggestion
If the ``commit`` request is successful,
```

> ``mongosync`` returns ``{"success":true}`` and enters the ``COMMITTING``

Reviewer: text formatting for readability
```suggestion
``mongosync`` returns ``{ "success": true }`` and enters the ``COMMITTING``
```

> state. After the sync is complete, ``mongosync`` is in the ``COMMITTED``

Reviewer: [suggestion] wording for active voice
```suggestion
state. After the sync is complete, ``mongosync``enters the ``COMMITTED``
```
